README.md, before:

# 📊 Cleaning & Visualizing Data Workshop  
**Transforming raw data into meaningful insights**  
📅 Held: October 19, 2023 | Hosted by **Baruch AIS DATA SCIENCE COMMITTEE**  

---

## 📌 Workshop Overview  
In today’s data-driven world, the ability to **clean and visualize data effectively** is crucial for informed decision-making and discovering hidden patterns.  

This workshop introduced participants to **data preprocessing and visualization techniques** in Python.  
Through hands-on exercises, students learned how to:  
- 🧹 Clean messy datasets using **Pandas**  
- 🐼 Manipulate and transform data  
- 📊 Visualize insights with **Matplotlib**  
- 📈 Tell a story through data  

---

## 📂 Repository Contents  
| File / Resource | Description |
|-----------------|-------------|
| `Cleaning_and_Visualizing_Data_Workshop.ipynb` | Interactive Google Colab notebook with exercises |
| `README.md` | Documentation for the repo |

---

## 🚀 Launch the Workshop  
Click below to open the notebook in Google Colab:  

[![Open in Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg)](YOUR_COLAB_LINK_HERE)

---

## 🧠 Topics Covered  
- Data loading and inspection  
- Handling missing values  
- Data cleaning techniques  
- Exploratory Data Analysis (EDA)  
- Creating visualizations:  
  - Line plots  
  - Bar charts  
  - Histograms  
  - Scatter plots  

---

## 🔧 Requirements  
To run locally, install the following libraries:  

```bash
pip install numpy pandas matplotlib

Commit message:

Update workshop details in README
Added video link and updated host information.

README.md, after:

# 📊 Cleaning & Visualizing Data Workshop  
**Transforming raw data into meaningful insights**  
📅 Held: October 19, 2023 | Hosted by the Data Science Director (2024) Daria Khotunitskaya

Video Link: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZbMX2n8dx2k
---

## 📌 Workshop Overview  
In today’s data-driven world, the ability to **clean and visualize data effectively** is crucial for informed decision-making and discovering hidden patterns.  

This workshop introduced participants to **data preprocessing and visualization techniques** in Python.  
Through hands-on exercises, students learned how to:  
- 🧹 Clean messy datasets using **Pandas**  
- 🐼 Manipulate and transform data  
- 📊 Visualize insights with **Matplotlib**  
- 📈 Tell a story through data  

---

## 📂 Repository Contents  
| File / Resource | Description |
|-----------------|-------------|
| `Cleaning_and_Visualizing_Data_Workshop.ipynb` | Interactive Google Colab notebook with exercises |
| `README.md` | Documentation for the repo |

---

## 🚀 Launch the Workshop  
Click below to open the notebook in Google Colab:  

[![Open in Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg)](YOUR_COLAB_LINK_HERE)

---

## 🧠 Topics Covered  
- Data loading and inspection  
- Handling missing values  
- Data cleaning techniques  
- Exploratory Data Analysis (EDA)  
- Creating visualizations:  
  - Line plots  
  - Bar charts  
  - Histograms  
  - Scatter plots  

---

## 🔧 Requirements  
To run locally, install the following libraries:  

```bash
pip install numpy pandas matplotlib
